Living in the contemporary world, people face various acute problems. One of those is the large gap between rich and poor countries. For instance, many inhabitants of the Western countries have enough money to by luxurious apartments and cars, whereas more than 60 percent of people in Africa live below the poverty line. Furthermore , there are many war conflicts . All these pressing problems lead to thousands of people migrating to rich countries in search of secure place of living and a job bringing good salary. But rich countries are unable to accept all the migrants. Consequently the problem of rich countries’ stopping them is acute and requires quickest solution.
        Undoubtedly, this theme is widely discussed in British and American mass media, because these countries are among those that attract people from poorer countries willing to find work and escape economic hardship. For instance, “The Economist” describes two strategies of stemming the flow of migrants. One of them was invented by the American authorities. It is based on making the measures required for admission more complicated. Even under Barack Obama’s administration American scree-ning was already among the toughest in the world, requiring interviews, continuous background checks, finger printing and iris scans. For some applicants, the process could take over two years to complete. “Under Mr Trump’s administration, the process has got more extreme still”, so “The Economist”. Bu-reaucratic tweaks play an important role in slowing the flow of migrants too. To be admitted, a refugee applicant must be screened in person by agents from the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). But the DHS has been reassigning agents who conduct these interviews and has also reduced foreign trips to carry out such screenings, leaving many applicants in limbo. Medical and background checks expire after a set time, prompting some to restart the whole lengthy process. In addition, Donald Trump hastily signed a travel ban, suspending all refugee admissions for 120 days, which plunged plans of people who wanted to seek for fortune in the United States into chaos.  Such strategy seems to improve the inner security of the USA. A recent study held by Cato Institute, found that the rate of vetting failure, when a person with terrorist sympathies is allowed into America and goes on to commit an attack, is vanishingly small: one in 29m. The study also found that the chance of an American dying at the hands of an improperly admitted terrorist was one in 328m. But on the other hand, this is not an ideal solution for the problem, because migrants running out of money but having no possibility to return and live descent lives in their homelands receive no help. Possibly it is the main reason, why Donald Trump’s tra-vel ban triggered mass protests in the USA. By the way, these protests threaten the inner security of the United States that worries Mr Trump so much. So, there are important reasons to hesitate that the course of actions offered by American authorities is suitable for dealing with the problem of migrants.
         As regards the second course of actions , it was offered by the United Nations. This repatriation program encourages those who have made it to Libya to go home voluntarily. People who turn back get a free flight—cutting out the need for a perilous return journey across the Sahara. More than that, those who return are given 100,000 naira ($278) to tide them over for the first three months, and  training on how to start their own businesses. Options include fashion design, hairdressing and farming on land set aside by the state. And it can be said, that it is a success : about 3,000 Nigerians have been brought home and another 15,000 are expected by June. However, there are those who are displeased with such help. They want to be richer than their parents and, having received no admission, try to go to Europe illegally using “trafficking networks  evolved to help would - be migrants get there”. This fact lets us say, that this strategy, like the one offered by the American authorities, is not ideal. But it is evident, that it has some important advantages: In contrast to the first one it takes into consideration the interests of migrants, and its aim is not just to send them away from the borders of a rich country, but also to make their lives easier to some extent.  Furthermore, using this course of actions, a rich country does not have to worry that its way of dealing with migrants can trigger protests as it happened in the United States after Trump’s signing the travel ban. 
          In conclusion, both ways of dealing with migrants described in “The Economist” have advantages and drawbacks. But the course of actions developed by the United Nations is more preferable, because it has more advantages for both migrants searching for their fortune and rich countries unable to give admissions to all of them. People from poor countries receive money and valuable knowledge of how to begin the own business, that means they are granted a chance to live decent lives in their motherlands. As regards the rich countries, their authorities are not afraid of mass protests organized by citizens who are displeased with their authorities’ indifference to migrants’ sorrows.     
